dungeons that we really liked me and we
knew that players would like to go back
to these dungeons but if we didn't want
to just go back and just upgrade
something in the dungeon or maybe change
change the floor this is an entirely new
dungeon new our new creatures new boss
fights everything you'll be able to get
to this from blackrock spire it's
basically a dungeon that's it's full of
Twilight's Hammer those experiments
going on down there Deathwing it's kind
of like you could look at it as one of
his a base that he has of operations but
outside of grim batol and then a couple
of this year we've got Grim Batol like
we mentioned Grim Batol is going to have
both a level up dungeon and it's going
to have a raid so we're going to cover
both angles with grim batol that that's
a place we really wanted to tell a lot
of story so we figured we should do both
the sky wall is a also both a raid and a
dungeon and then last but not least we
are doing a couple new heroics
so these are going to be level 85
baroque dungeons you'll be able to do
deadlines and shadowfang keep will be
going back in here will be billet now
they're going to use the art that's
existing now but we're going to do new
fights new creatures new abilities and
it's basically going to be right where
you expect a heroic level 85 dungeon to
be paying we fear the number before if
you want more information on dungeons
and raids we're going to be doing a
panel tomorrow I think it's in this fall
the dungeon a great panel and we'll have
a ton of info on these dungeons and a
lot more so now here's a couple we grab
just a few concept shots of some of the
dungeons for you check out this is the
epistle mom here's your shot of a sulfur
and keep in the Firelands this is a shot
at the inside of the halls of
origination inside of all doom and these
are a couple shots of grim batol and
last we're going to finish up with a
little preview of the PvP that we're
planning for cataclysm and Tom's going
to tell you about that alright so of
course to go along with all this new
content we've got a lot of new pvp
content for everybody to we have the tol
barad PvP zone so tol barad it's an
island off the coast of the string
kingdoms spin referenced from time to
time in the Warcraft lore what we know
is that there's a prison here and this
prison sits on this island and both the
Horde and Alliance want control over it
so there's quite a bit to discover here
the akaya did here is that it is a
melding of the winter grass concept with
the olive cul de NOS concept so the idea
being that while you're there during the
off battle times it behaves kind of like
an I'll cul de NOS where it's a daily
quest hub for all kinds of daily quests
probably the kind of the main daily
sub for the expansion and then when the
battle comes time to activate kind of
like wintergrasp then players are going
to fight for control and that control
will give players access to the actual
tol barad prison the one of the instance
wings with in there it will also open up
new kind of like bonus daily class for
that side extra profitable daily quest
we also have the battle for guild name
is Valda ground and the current plan is
actually to have three battlegrounds
with the expansion so one of those
things that we want to do in terms of
adding more and game content than we've
had before is to add more battlegrounds
so we've ever had in the past so balcony
linnaeus is one of those the idea being
that players are going to be able to
fight through the city in the streets of
Gilneas city and take control to
different districts and fight it out we
also of course have some new arena maps
numbers yet to be determined but they
certainly will have some new ones and
finally kind of the major gameplay
feature for PvP as far as the expansion
goes is the rated battlegrounds so now
for anybody out there that really enjoys
doing battle grounds but doesn't like
the arena play style as much you'll have
the option to do the rated battlegrounds
and i'll talk more about these in the
system panel but you'll be able to do
the rate of battle grounds to get your
rating up and get the same access to the
same types of gear that you can get
through the arena system
and so that brings us to Q&A now I don't
know that we have much time for Q&A but
we do have a specific Q&A panel set
aside